 terms | livewallpapers2018 Terms of use ​ By creating a Developer Mobile App account, whether through a mobile device, mobile application or computer (collectively, the “Service”) you agree to be bound by these Terms of Use (this “Agreement”). If you wish to create a Developer Mobile App account and make use of the Service, please read this Agreement. You should also read the Developer Mobile App Privacy Policy, which is incorporated by reference into this Agreement and available in the Service. If you do not accept and agree to be bound by all of the terms of this Agreement, including the Developer Mobile App Privacy Policy, do not use the Service. Please contact us with any questions regarding this Agreement. Acceptance of Terms of Use Agreement. a. This Agreement is an electronic contract that establishes the legally binding terms you must accept to use the Service. This Agreement includes the Company’s (i) Privacy Policy, (ii) our Safety Tips and (iii) terms disclosed and agreed to by you if you purchase or accept additional features, products or services we offer on the Service, such as terms governing features, billing, free trials, discounts and promotions. b. By accessing or using the Service, you accept this Agreement and agree to the terms, conditions and notices contained or referenced herein and consent to have this Agreement and all notices provided to you in electronic form. To withdraw this consent, you must cease using the Service and terminate your account. Please print a copy of this Agreement for your records. To receive a non-electronic copy of this Agreement, please contact us at help@Developer.com. c. We may, at any time and for any reason make changes to this Agreement. We may do this for a variety of reasons including to reflect changes in or requirements of the law, new features, or changes in business practices. The most recent version of this Agreement will be posted on the Services under Settings and also on Developer.com, and you should regularly check for the most recent version. The most recent version is the version that applies. If the changes include material changes that affect your rights or obligations, we will notify you of the changes by reasonable means, which could include notification through the Services or via email. If you continue to use the Services after the changes become effective, then you shall be deemed to have accepted those changes. If you don’t agree to these changes, you must end your relationship with us (without penalty) by ceasing to use the Services and leaving Developer Mobile App. Additionally, if we update or upgrade the Services, you may be required to accept the most recent version of the Agreement to access the updated or upgraded Services. This site was designed with the .com website builder. Create your website today.Start Now 