 Privacy Policy | SBK GAMES sbk games SBK GAMES Menu Skip to content Blog Rally Racer Dirt Racing Limits Screen Shots Contact Privacy Policy Privacy Policy This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which SBK Games collects, uses, maintains and discloses personal information collected from users (each, a “User”) of our Games, Websites and related Services offered by SBK Games. SBK Games respects the privacy concerns of all users of its Games, Websites and related Services. All our Games, Websites and related Services does not targeted to users under the age of 13. By using our Games, websites and related Services you are agree to abide by and bound up with this Privacy Policy and you consent to the processing, collection, use and disclosure of your information and data in accordance with its terms. If you do not agree this Privacy Policy and/or you are under the age of 13, do not use all of our Games, Websites and related Services. This policy may change from time to time, so please review it frequently. Policy About Children All our Games, Websites and related Services does not targeted to users under the age of 13. The published age recommendations or classifications ( as like G, PG or PG-13, PEGI 3 etc.) on Google Play page of our games or App Store page of our games refers only to the content in our games. Even though age recommendations or classifications of our games may declares that they are under the age of 13, it is clear that all of our games are made for people who are at least 13 years of age. So by using our Games, websites and related Services you represent that you are not under the age of 13. If you are between the ages of 13 and 17, you represent that your legal guardian has reviewed our Games, Websites and related Services and agreed to use these. SBK Games does not knowingly collect or knowingly request personal information from the users under age of 13. If you are under the age of 13, do not send any information to us. The Information We Collect The information you give us directly Information you provide when requesting help from us, such as your name, nickname, email address; Other data you may choose to give us The information we collect automatically We are storing information that documented below locally on your device, using mechanisms like cookies, browser web storage and application data caches. We may also collect and store information. Your IP address and mobile device identifiers (e.g. your device ID, advertising ID, MAC address and IMEI) Information about your device (e.g. your platform, operating system, ram size, cpu type, media, browser type, language) Details about what SBK Games product you use and your use of them. Device event information, including crash reports, request and referral URLs and system activity details (e.g. whether you encountered an error playing our games or lost Internet access) General geographic location (e.g. country or city location) based on your IP address Information provided to us by third parties If you play or buy our games, or buy in-app purchases of our games from your device, we get information from app stores and other mobile platform providers about you. This information may include your user name and / or your device’s identification number, your location, for example, a purchase, but not any sensitive or financial information. Some of our mobile platforms may send us information that you authorize them to do through systems such as Google Play Services or the Apple Game Center. Information if you link a third-party tool with the Services (e.g. login using your Apple, Facebook or Google account) Demographic data (e.g. to determine the coarse location of your IP address) Data for advertising and analytics purposes Data to fight fraud (e.g. refund abuse in games) Data from platforms that the games run on (e.g. verify payment) How We Are Using The Information We Collect We use your personal information for the following purposes; To make game services to work and make game more enjoyable Create accounts and allow you to play our games and use our Services Populate online leaderboards and challenges Play our games in multiplayer mode Save game progress and stats Identify, fix, and troubleshoot bugs and service errors Verify and confirm payments Provide social features as part of the Services Enable you to communicate with other players Remember you next time login to Services Communicate with you about promotions, rewards, upcoming events, and other news about products and services we offer To improve our games and services Detection and prevention of illegal activities (e.g. hacking or cheating) Tracktion of game installs (to measure effect of marketing campaigns). Understanding your user traffic in our Game to make your experience better and enjoyable using our Game For promotional marketing and advertising activities Providing you some offers, rewards, and discounts for in-app purchases based on your gaming behaviours and purchase history. Serving you with relevant targeted advertisements Delivering, targeting and improving our advertising and the Services What Information We Share We do not sell, trade, or rent Users personal identification information to others. We do not share personal information that directly identifies you (such as your name, email, or postal address) with independent third parties without your consent, unless it is required by law. We may share anonymous or aggregated information, or other data that does not directly identify you, with third parties, for instance your persona on leaderboards or to show trends about use of our products. Our third party partners, and their privacy policies are as follows: AdMob: https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/ Heyzap: https://www.heyzap.com/legal/privacy Unity Ads: http://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy Chartboost: https://answers.chartboost.com/en-us/articles/200780269 Interest Based Advertising Our third party advertising partners may collect information how you use our products in order to serve ads on other apps, games or websites that are based on your interests. This is known as “Interest-Based Advertising”. These collected information may include: Your IP address and mobile device identifiers (e.g. your device ID, advertising ID, MAC address and IMEI) Information about your device (e.g. your platform, operating system, ram size, cpu type, media, browser type, language) Device event information, including crash reports, request and referral URLs and system activity details (e.g. whether you encountered an error playing our games or lost Internet access) General geographic location (e.g. country or city location) based on your IP address How you use our games and aps Items you put in to basket Any links you clicked when you are in our aps and games You have a choice about interest-based advertising. You have an option to opt out if you wish. Please follow our third party advertising partners opt out methods: https://answers.chartboost.com/en-us/articles/200780269 https://www.heyzap.com/legal/privacy http://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy For instructions on how to “Limit Ad Tracking” in the iOS, please visit this link. For instructions on how to “Opt out of interest-based ads” in Android OS, please visit this link. Policy Updates This policy may change from time to time, so please review it frequently. We will always keep this up to date so that you know what information we will collect from you, how we may use it, and when we may disclose it. Privacy Policy Contact Us Please contact us at sbkgamesco@gmail.com if you have any questions about this privacy policy. This document was last updated on June 28, 2018 Leave a Comment Cancel reply Search for: Archives April 2018 Meta Log in Copyright © 2019 · GeneratePress · WordPress 