PRIVACY POLICY
Last updated: May 25, 2018
  At AxesInMotion we love making fun and entertaining games available on mobile devices. AxesInMotion respects the privacy concerns of all users of its Games, Websites and related Services. AxesInMotion does not target its Games, Websites and related Services to users under the age of 13.
By using our Games, websites and related Services you agree to observe and be bound by this Privacy Policy and you consent to the processing, collection, use and disclosure of your information and data in accordance with its terms. If you do not agree with this Privacy Policy, please do not use our Games, websites and related Services.
Throughout our Games, Websites and related Services, we may collect ‘non-personal data’. This is data which does not identify you directly, but may be ‘aggregated’ with other data to help us improve our Games, websites and related Services and otherwise in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
OUR POLICY REGARDING CHILDREN
AxesInMotion does not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from anyone under the age of 13 or knowingly allow such persons to use our Service.  If you are under 13, please do not send any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, or email address. If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under the age of 13, please contact us. By using our Games, Websites and related Services, you represent that you are at age 13 or older. If you are between the ages of 13 and 17, you represent that your legal guardian has reviewed our Games, Websites and related Services and agreed to use these.
All of our games are made for people who are at least 13 years of age.
Please note: You can find published age recommendations on: Apple’s App Store on iTunes, Google Play, Amazon App Store and Windows App Store . However, these age or maturity classifications refer only to the content in our games (similar to movie ratings G, PG or PG-13 in the U.S., but related to gameplay, animations, etc.). For more on how these categories are defined, visit these support websites for Apple, Google, Amazon and Windows.
For more information on how to protect children online, please visit this link.
WHAT IS PERSONAL INFORMATION AND WHY DO WE COLLECT IT FROM YOU?
‘Personal Information’ is information or an opinion that identifies you as an individual. We collect and store your email, where you nominate to specifically allow our games to collect your email. If you contact us directly for any reason, we may also keep a copy of that correspondence. Your email is collected only to keep you informed of new AxesInMotion products and changes to our existing products.
SENSITIVE INFORMATION
Sensitive information is defined in the US Privacy Act (1974) to include information or opinion about such things as an individual’s racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, membership of a political association, religious or philosophical beliefs, membership of a professional body, criminal records or health information.
AxesInMotion will not attempt to obtain nor record any sensitive information.
DISCLOSURE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
We will not sell, trade, rent or disclose any of the personal information you provide to us for any reason, without your prior consent. Otherwise, your Personal Information will only be disclosed where required or allowable by law. We may share generic aggregated demographic information not linked to any personal identification information regarding visitors and users with our business partners, trusted affiliates and advertisers for the purposes outlined above.
SECURITY OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
Your Personal Information is stored offsite in a manner that reasonably protects it from misuse, loss, unauthorized access, modification or disclosure.
We don’t guarantee website links or policy of authorised third parties and you access those sites at your own risk.
INTEREST BASED ADVERTISING
When you use our apps, third parties may collect data about your mobile device and how you use our apps in order to serve ads on other apps or websites that are tailored to your interests, a practice known as “interest-based advertising.” Examples of data that may be collected can include: IP addresses, identifiers associated with your mobile device or applications on the device, how you use our apps, items you put in your basket, or any links you click on when you are in our apps. You have a choice about participating in interest-based advertising. If you wish to opt out, please use one of the following methods:
For instructions on how to “Limit Ad Tracking” in the iOS, please visit this link.
For instructions on how to “Opt out of interest-based ads” in Android OS, please visit this link.
COLLECTION OF OTHER ‘NON-PERSONAL’ INFORMATION
Though AxesInMotion itself does not use cookies in order to track your movement around the web, our websites and apps may contain APIs from third parties.
Our third party partners, and their privacy policies are as follows:
AdColony: http://www.adcolony.com/privacy-policy/
AdMob: https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/
Amplitude: https://www.amplitude.com/privacy
AppLovin: https://www.applovin.com/privacy
Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/policy.php
GameAnalytics: https://gameanalytics.com/privacy
Heyzap: https://www.heyzap.com/legal/privacy
HyprMX: https://hyprmx.com/pp.html
ironSource: https://www.ironsrc.com/privacy-policy/
inMobi: https://www.inmobi.com/privacy-policy/
Unity Ads: http://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy
Vungle: http://vungle.com/privacy/
POLICY UPDATES
This Policy may change from time to time. The most current version of our Privacy Policy can be found at http://axesinmotion.com/privacy. We will always keep this up to date so that you know what information we will collect from you, how we may use it, and when we may disclose it.
COMPLAINTS
You can lodge a complaint with us about any breach of our Privacy Policy at the address below.
PRIVACY POLICY CONTACT INFORMATION
If you have any questions about our Privacy Policy, please contact us at support@axesinmotion.com

CONTACT US
Calle Horizonte, 1
41927. Mairena del Aljarafe, Sevilla
© 2017 AxesInMotion | Privacy policy