CXZH.LTD PRIVACY POLICY
CXZH.LTD US Inc. (“we”, “us”, “our”) is committed to maintaining customer privacy through an ethical performance culture that is based on trust, simplicity and confidence. It is one of CXZH.LTD’s core principles to secure customer information while using our mobile applications (“products”), and provide privacy protection that is critical in maintaining trust and providing better services. CXZH.LTD’s individual privacy protection policy ensures the confidentiality of customer information under the defined terms and conditions below.
CXZH.LTD complies with the U.S. – E.U. Safe Harbor framework and the U.S. - Swiss Safe Harbor framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce with respect to the collection, use, retention and transfer to the United States of personal data from customers in European Union member countries and Switzerland (“European Customer Information”). CXZH.LTD has certified that it adheres to the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles of notice, choice, onward transfer, security, data integrity, access, and enforcement.
1 Effective date and update
Effective date of this privacy policy: 2018/05/25
2 Information we will collect and trace
2.1 The use of our products and services as well as certain activities such as payment transactions, surveys, and forum communications will require customer information input and customer consent. This information may include: name, address, telephone number, as well as the brand name and model of the user’s mobile phone. Some examples may include:
2.1.1 If you submit an order online or use our products and services, the required information will be collected, including but not limited to yours or your child’s CXZH.LTD UID, IMEI, IMSI,the phone number, brand and model of yours or your child’s mobile phone as well as your credit card number.
2.1.2 If you ask for online technical support, certain required information will be collected, including but not limited to your name and address, the information relating to the hardware and software of your mobile phone as well as the specific problems you have encountered.
2.1.3 CXZH.LTD’s products and services may at times need to access the internet (fees incurred thereby are charged by the local carrier) in a variety of circumstances, including without limitation to a) connect to the server to register for services; b) connect to cloud security platform to get basic data needed for anti-virus, anti-annoyance and other services to improve the quality of security service, ensure the CXZH.LTD product in your phone can protect you against the latest threats and reject the latest annoyance calls, etc; c) detect user type to ensure smooth provisioning of Pro Member services and non-Pro Member services; d) inquire about version update of product or service to ensure timeliness of the product or service; or e) provide other services.
2.1.4 CXZH.LTD may also read the device identifier of yours or your child’s phone in a variety of circumstances, including without limitation: a) when you activate the products or services or register; b) when you subscribe to NQ products or services; c) when you or you child connect to the server with the products or services to update virus protection or anti-spam policy; d) providing targeted and customized security service according to your country or region; e) when you use the locate service of anti-lost to track the location of your phone; or f) according to other needs to provide services to the user or the needs to customize services for the user.
2.1.5 CXZH.LTD may read your or your child’s SMS/MMS in a variety of circumstances, including without limitation: a) scan websites and attachments in the messages to ensure no malicious website or virus is contained; b) block spam messages; c) filter private messages; d) block fee-deduction SMS sent by apps to prevent malicious fee deduction; e) when you use SMS to recommend the product; f) SMS report for SIM change in anti-lost service, remote control report and alert, etc; or g) when you report suspicious spam messages to CXZH.LTD.
2.1.6 CXZH.LTD may access your or your child’s contacts in a variety of circumstances, including without limitation: a) when you use the contacts backup service; b) when you use our products and services to group and manage contacts; or c) when you recommend the product or when you select import contacts as product/service requires you to input the phone number.
2.2 Prior to requesting information from you on our websites, we will define the purposes for which such information is to be used. You, the customer, may then choose whether or not to proceed with the transaction and use our products and services and provide the appropriate information. If you prefer not to provide the required information, then the transaction shall be canceled.
2.3 For the information we may collect from you or your child while using our products or services in the circumstances listed above or beyond, yours and your child’s personal information collected in such circumstances will be kept confidential and shall not be used for illegal purposes, or copied, used or provided to any third party illegally, or accessed by our staff.
2.4 A child’s participation or access to an activity cannot be conditioned on him or her providing more Personal Information than is reasonably necessary for that activity.
3 The purpose of collecting information functions:
3.1 We expect to use your personal information for the following purposes.
3.1.1 To provide you with information related to virus warnings, product upgrades, customer service, newsletters, and email updates, and to further increase our customer feedback for our future products and to better receive your suggestions for the improvement of our products and services.
3.1.2 To help us create content relevant to you;
3.1.3 To provide you with additional information that is tailored to your specific needs or interests;
3.1.4 To help us provide better products and services to exceed customer expectations;
3.1.5 To enable you to purchase and download our products, access our services or participate in the activities you select;
3.1.6 To help you to quickly find the appropriate software, service or product information; and
3.1.7 To provide updated, comprehensive security services for you.
3.2 To allow copartners of CXZH.LTD to use the information you provide. We will request these copartners to guarantee the security of customers’ personal information and keep this information confidential. Copartners may only use information provided by our customers when they are working on behalf of CXZH.LTD.
3.3 To allow us to access your call logs, contacts, photos and videos in order to prevent eavesdropping, encrypt photos, videos, SMS, calls, keep contacts private, send private Facebook messages, view your account through your online account, block numbers from calling you or sending you text messages, and back up your contacts, as you may request.
4 The principle for limiting utilization and sharing 
We do not sell your personal information to third parties. We will not share your or your child’s information with third parties other than the necessary service providers as indicated below.
4.1 Limiting utilization may occur in the following circumstances.
4.1.1 With customers’ written consent;
4.1.2 When we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request;
4.1.3 To prevent the rights and interests of others from material detriments;
4.1.4 To promote public interests without damaging your vital interests;
4.1.5 To comply with laws or regulations, such as to comply with a subpoena, or similar legal process;
4.1.6 We may provide your or your child’s personal information to companies that provide services to help us with our business activities such as processing your payments, providing mapping services or offering customer service. These companies are authorized to use your and your child’s personal information only as necessary to provide these services to us;
4.1.7 If we are involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of our assets, you will be notified via email and/or prominent notice on our website of any change in ownership or uses of your personal information, as well as any choices you may have regarding your personal information.
5 Recommend this website to your friends
5.1 If you select to use our products and services, we recommend that you refer our website and products and services to a friend for the better protection of his or her mobile devices. This may be done simply by giving us your friend’s name or email. We will automatically send a one-time email to your friend to invite him/her to access our website, and store his/her emails for the sole purpose of sending this one-time email and tracking the success of our referral program. Your friend may contact us at cs.cxzh.ltd@gmail.com to request we remove this information from our database.
5.2 CXZH.LTD complies with international information criterion to protect your personal information. These measures include some technical and programmed steps that can protect your data against misuse, illegal access, disclosure, losing, modification or destruction. We use security socket layer (SSL) to transmit credit card and your or your child’s geo location information. We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure, however. Therefore, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
5.3 As an international company, CXZH.LTD provides company information to our local branch offices all over the world to further aid in providing products and services. It is possible that the personal information you submit to us may be transmitted to these other CXZH.LTD branch offices. For example, the personal information provided by a European customer at the time of product registration may be transmitted to a server in the USA and then transmitted to one or more servers of our branch offices in Europe. Meanwhile, in some countries or regions, our subcontractors may handle your information in the process of helping CXZH.LTD provide products and services to you and/or in handling information collection, transmission, storage and processing for us.
6 Content of Email
6.1 CXZH.LTD will not read or disclose to any third party any private email communication information that is transmitted using our products and services, unless given appropriate explicit consent to do so.
7 Log
7.1 We have provided logging functions for emails and other communications transmitted in the process of using CXZH.LTD products and services. Any user can select to turn his own log record function on or off. CXZH.LTD will not read or disclose to any third party any users’ private information it records as part of the logging functions without further consent.
8 UID information
8.1 When you use CXZH.LTD products and services and activate/register them, our system will generate a user ID (UID) for you at random, by which we identify the user and provide the services. We may collect your phone number and associate it with UID and/or any of our other internal tracking tools or service account, such as NQ Account to complete the billing process and provide certain service such as anti-lost remote control.
8.2 CXZH.LTD respects the request of any user or third party to verify his own UID information, and will correct or allow the correction of any possibly incorrect information. Any user and third party can ascertain whether his information has been appropriately corrected by either email or phone at any time.
9 Cookies and other Tracking Technologies
9.1 Cookie
9.1.1 Cookies are frequently used on CXZH.LTD’s websites. A cookie is a unique text file our websites send to your explorer software. This helps customers customize the information based on browsing preferences. We do not link the information we store in cookies to any personal information you submit while on our sites.
9.1.2 Cookies are used to personalize webpages and / or recognize you when you are accessing our websites, in order to conveniently browse and access our websites after having registered for our products, services and/or other support services.
9.1.3 Cookies are also used to trace your access to our websites. We will acquire information in personal, identifiable modes including your IP address. However, such information will merely be used for analysis and will be limited to the use according to the minimum requirement for the execution of such analysis.
9.1.4 If you do not want CXZH.LTD to transfer Cookies into your web browser, you may change your web browser setting to refuse Cookies or notify you when any website is attempting to this transaction. This refusal shall affect your option to use certain products and/or services provided on our websites.
9.2 Network beacons
9.2.1 Network beacons on our websites and in our products and services analyzes traffic mode, such as the frequency of use on a specific part of the websites. The acquired data will help us learn about the kind of information our customers are most interested in, and what preferential terms our customers are most interested in obtaining. With respect to our websites, if you are unwilling to allow such data collection which help CXZH.LTD improve our websites, you may refuse such website analysis by disabling JavaScript on your computer. If you disable JavaScript, some functions on our websites may not be able to operate normally.
9.2.2 We can also use network beacons in promotional emails to further determine whether emails have been opened and/or acted upon. We develop more your favorite sales promotional activities according to the information thus provided by email responses. Except for the email address you previously provided, the information collected would not identify you.
9.3 By means of various tracing technologies as mentioned above, we can trace the domain names, IP addresses and the type of explorer used by the users who access our websites and use our products or services. We use such information to trace the traffic modes congregating on the whole CXZH.LTD website. Such information is independent of any personal information the user may otherwise provide in using CXZH.LTD’s products and services.
9.4 We use mobile analytics software to allow us to better understand the functionality of our Mobile Software on your phone. This software may record information such as how often you use the application, the events that occur within the application, aggregated usage, performance data, and where the application was downloaded from. We do not link the information we store within the analytics software to any personal identifiable information you submit within the mobile applications.
10 Discussion group/forum/blog/social media
10.1 The information you submit on any discussion group, forum, or blog will be regarded as public information instead of confidential information. The information released in these areas is at risk of being collected and used by others. Please be cautious and responsible when submitting information when you are online. To request removal of your personal information from our blog or community forum, contact us at cs.cxzh.ltd@gmail.com. In some cases, we may not be able to remove your personal information, in which case we will let you know if we are unable to do so and why.
10.2 Our Web site includes Social Media Features, such as the Facebook Like button and Widgets, such as the Share this button or interactive mini-programs that run on our site. These Features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our site, and may set a cookie to enable the Feature to function properly. Social Media Features and Widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Site. Your interactions with these Features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it.
11 Third party website
11.1 On the websites and within the mobile applications of CXZH.LTD, there are many links to other companies or mobile applications, which have established cooperative relationships with us. CXZH.LTD assumes no responsibility for the privacy criteria adopted by our commercial copartners. We recommend that you read their privacy policies, which may involve different contents.
11.2 We are also linked to joint websites that are maintained by CXZH.LTD in coordination with one or more of our commercial copartners. When you are submitting information to one of our joint websites, it is possible that you are submitting such information to both CXZH.LTD and our commercial copartners, but the privacy policy adopted by the joint websites may be different from this privacy policy of CXZH.LTD. Therefore, we recommend that you read the privacy policy on any linked joint websites, so as to obtain the most complete information regarding the privacy criteria of such websites.
12 Caller ID & Call Block Function
12.1 When you use the Caller ID and Call Block function, we will collect, process and retain personal information from You and any devices You may use in Your interaction with our Services. This information may include the following: geo-location, Your IP address, device ID or unique identifier, device manufacturer and type, device and hardware settings, ID for advertising, ads data, operating system, operator, IMSI, connection information, usage statistics, device log and event information, the number of incoming & outgoing calls and other information based on your interaction with our Services.
12.2 Please note: the app will never store your contacts and your call history. The app accesses the contacts on the phone in order to display the contacts and so the app can record or ignore calls from specific contacts. While we are intensity focused on protecting you from unknown calls, we are just as concerned with making sure important calls are not missed. Access to contacts helps us filter out numbers that may look spam, but are actually legitimate (like your Doctor’s office). We also access contacts to identity callers under the name you prefer to see, to enable your ability to add numbers to your blocklist.
12.3 You can tag an unknown number after making a call. So this contribution will make our database better. We may also associate a name with a phone number through the numbers tagging functionality, which allows a user who receives a call from a phone number which is not associated with a name in the database to indicate a name to be associated with that number. A name will only be associated with a number through this functionality if a sufficient number of independent Users, based on our algorithm, have indicated the same name for the relevant number.
12.4 Call Blocking requires accessing your contacts. Therefore, the app is able to block the numbers that users refuse to answer. Meanwhile, the app can also block numbers from user’s contacts.
13 Disclaimers
13.1 In case any competent government authority requests us to disclose any personal user identification information in accordance with relevant legal procedures, laws or regulations, we will provide such personal user information according to the requirements of the government authority or for the purpose of public safety. CXZH.LTD will assume no liability for any disclosure in such case.
13.2 CXZH.LTD will not assume any responsibility for any of your personal information that is disclosed for your own reasons (for example, when you voluntarily disclose to other people your password or when you share your account with other people).
13.3 CXZH.LTD assumes no responsibility for any personal information that is lost, disclosed, or falsified due to forces beyond CXZH.LTD’s control, including but not limited to events that may affect normal network operations, such as hacker attack, intrusion or attack of computer virus and temporary closure of websites due to government regulations or actions.
13.4 CXZH.LTD assumes no responsibility for the disclosure of personal particulars or other customer information caused by (i) the other websites linked with our website or referred to in our website, products or services; (ii) third party software or coding incorporated in our website, products or services; or (iii) the incorporation of any part of our products into the websites, products or services provided by third parties, as well as any legal dispute and consequence resulting from any of (i)-(iii).
13.5 CXZH.LTD assumes no responsibility when it or a third party uses your personal information in accordance with provisions of relevant laws or regulations or this privacy policy.
13.6 CXZH.LTD assumes no responsibility when your personal information is disclosed due to unpredictable and inevitable risks of the internet, including without limitation: virus attack, hijacking, temporary site closure or server closure resulted from government control and inevitable technical defects of the software due to technical level at the time of development.
14 Policy modifications
14.1 We may update this privacy statement to reflect changes to our information practices. If we make any material changes we will notify you by email (sent to the e-mail address specified in your account) or by means of a notice on this Site prior to the change becoming effective. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices.
If we make material changes to how we use Personal Information collected from children under age 13, we will notify parents by email in order to obtain verifiable parental consent for the new uses of the child's Personal Information.
15 Access to Personal Information
15.1 If yours or your child’s personally identifiable information changes, or if you no longer desire our service, you may correct, update, delete inaccuracies or remove it by making the change on our member information page or by emailing us at cs.cxzh.ltd@gmail.com. We will respond to your request to access within 30 days.
15.2 Parents have the right to access their child’s information, refuse further collection and use, request to have it deleted or request that we no longer have further contact with their child by accessing their child’s account through the Web site or by emailing us at cs.cxzh.ltd@gmail.com.
15.3 Data Retention: We will retain yours or your child’s information (including geo-location data) for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide services. If you wish to cancel your account or request that we no longer use your information to provide you services contact us at cs.cxzh.ltd@gmail.com. We will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
16 Contact us
16.1 We have appointed an executive agent for our privacy protection policy, who will be responsible for CXZH.LTD’s compliance with the privacy criteria as described in this statement.
16.2 If you have any questions or concerns regarding this policy, would like to modify the communications option, update or refer to your personal information we possess, or withdraw your decision to allow us to collect, use or publish your personal information, please feel free to contact us at any time:
Email: cs.cxzh.ltd@gmail.com
If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, we agree to dispute resolution using JAMS as an independent third party dispute resolution provider.
We prohibit the download of our products and services by residents of countries sanctioned by the U.S. Office of Foreign Assets Control.
 