Privacy Policy
This privacy policy tells you how Gear Games, Ltd. uses personal information collected from you as you maintain our Services. Please read this privacy policy before using the services or submitting any personal information. By using the services, you accept the practices described here.
Collection of Information
We collect personally identifiable information, like names, email addresses, logins, passwords and any other information necessary for us to provide or optimize our Services, when voluntarily submitted by our users. We also collect some data automatically whenever you use our Service. Our applications may automatically receive and record information on our server logs including your IP address, unique mobile device identifier (UDID), Android ID, Google Advertising ID (GAID), Advertising Identifier (IDFA), GPS coordinates, cookie information, browser information, operating system, timestamps, the pages you request, and the actions and path you take on the Service. All this information is used for proper work of our Services and processed on our servers according to accepted industry standards for protection of the personal information. We also use this information to better understand how visitors use our Services and how we can better tune them, its contents and functionality to meet your needs.
Cookie/Tracking Technology
Our site and Services may use cookies and tracking technology which are useful for gathering information such as browser type and operating system, tracking the number of visitors to the site, and understanding how visitors use the Services. Personal information cannot be collected via cookies and other tracking technology, however, if you previously provided personally identifiable information, cookies may be tied to such information. Third parties such as our advertisers may also use cookies to serve ads to you based on your visit to our site and other sites on the internet.
We use mobile analytics software to allow us to better understand the functionality of our Mobile Software on your device. This software may record information such as how often you use the application, the events that occur within the application, aggregated usage, performance data, and where the application was downloaded from. We do not link the information we store within the analytics software to any personal information you submit within the mobile application.
Third party services
Our Services can use third party services for analytics purposes, for showing ads, etc. Such third parties may use cookies, APIs, and SDKs in our services to enable them to collect and analyze user information on our behalf. The third parties may have access to information such as your device identifier, MAC address, IMEI, locale (specific location where a given language is spoken), geo-location information, and IP address for the purpose of providing their services under their respective privacy policies. Our privacy policy does not cover the use of tracking tools from third parties. We do not have access or control over these third parties. We do not link the information we store within the analytics software to any personal information you submit within the mobile application. At this moment we use the next services:
http://www.tapjoy.com (http://info.tapjoy.com/about-tapjoy/privacy-policy/)
http://www.flurry.com (http://www.flurry.com/privacy-policy.html)
http://www.devtodev.com (https://www.devtodev.com/policy)
Please read and accept their Privacy Policies before you use our Services.
Distribution of Information
We do not share your personal information to any third party for marketing purposes. However, we may share information with governmental agencies or other companies assisting us in fraud prevention or investigation. We may do so when: (1) permitted or required by law; or, (2) trying to protect against or prevent actual or potential fraud or unauthorized transactions; or, (3) investigating fraud which has already taken place.
Commitment to Data Security
Your personal information is kept secure. Only authorized staff of this site (who have agreed to keep information secure and confidential) have access to this information.
Privacy Contact Information
If you have any questions, concerns, or comments about our privacy policy you may contact us using the information below:
By e-mail: info@gear-games.com
We reserve the right to make changes to this policy. You are encouraged to review the privacy policy whenever you visit the site to make sure that you understand how any personal information you provide will be used.