HELP
Tutorial
FAQ
COMPANY
About us
Terms & Privacy
CONTACT
Partership
Feedback
Contact us
Terms
By accessing or using VivaVideo products or services, you agree to be bound by these Terms and all policies referenced herein. Please read these Terms carefully before downloading or using our services. If you do not understand the Terms, or do not accept any part of them, then you should not use our services.
User-Generated Content
You are solely responsible for your use of our services and for any videos, information, messages and any other content that you create via our services, whether privately transmitted or made publicly available (together, “User Content”). You retain ownership of your User Content.
Any videos you make by using our services are stored locally in your phone and are not stored in or will not be uploaded to our services/server.
You understand and agree to comply with all applicable laws in relation to your use of our services and User Content.
You shall at all times ensure that your User Content does not:
A.contain any content, information or material that infringes the rights of any third party including copyright, trademark right, confidential information or rights of privacy;
B.violate any applicable laws;
C.contain any content or material that is offensive, abusive, defamatory, libellous, derogatory, bullying, discriminatory, obscene, violent, sexually explicit, indecent, which promotes or encourages violence, terrorism or any other illegal acts or which is likely to harass, upset, embarrass, alarm, inconvenience or annoy any person;
D.in any way promote or incite anyone to commit or assist in any unlawful or criminal activity or anti-social behaviour, or encourage activities which could endanger the safety or wellbeing of others;
E.identify any person without their consent, or the consent of their parent or legal guardian if they are under 18 years of age;
F.disclose anyone’s personal contact details or invade their privacy;
G.contain any viruses or other malicious or harmful programs;
Furthermore, you understand and agree that you will not do or attempt to do, or cause any third party to do or attempt to do, any of the following in connection with your use of our services:
A.Use our services or User Content available on our services in a way other than as expressly permitted by these Terms and the normal functionality of our services;
B.use our services for any illegal purpose, in an unlawful manner or in any manner inconsistent with these Terms;
C.use our services in a way that could damage, disable, overburden, impair or compromise our services, our systems or security or interfere with other users;
D.use any programme or other means, including but not limited to scripts, spiders and robots, whether manually or automatically, to extract, download, index, mine, scrape, reproduce or circumvent the presentation, operation or intended use of our services or any features or functions of it;
E.copy, modify, decompile or otherwise interfere with any part of our services;
F.make alterations to, or modifications of, the whole or part of our services, or permit our services or any part of it to be combined with, or become incorporated in, any other programs;
G.hack into, or insert malicious code, including viruses, or harmful data, into, our services;
H.infringe our intellectual property.
Copyright
VivaVideo respects the intellectual property of others, and we ask our users to do the same. VivaVideo will promptly process and investigate notices of alleged infringement and will take appropriate actions under the Digital Millennium Copyright Act ("DMCA") and other applicable intellectual property laws with respect to any alleged or actual infringement.
If you discover any content on our services that you believe infringes your copyright, or discover any other infringement on your intellectual property rights, please report the infringement you alleged to us in writing including the following information:
A.An electronic or physical signature of the owner of the copyright or other intellectual property right (“Owner”) or an electronic or physical signature of the person authorized to act on behalf of the Owner together with an authorized letter duly signed by the Owner.
B.A description of the copyrighted work or other intellectual property that you claim has been infringed.
C.A description of where the material in question is located, including details that will assist our staff with locating it on a specific place on VivaVideo.
D.Your address, telephone number, and email address.
E.A statement by you, made under penalty of perjury, that the information provided is accurate, and that you are the Owner, or authorized to act on the Owner's behalf.
Third Party Services
Our service includes and links to features and services (including but not limited to, social applications like Facebook, Instagram and WhatsApp) that are provided by a third party. We do not control such third party sites or services and are not responsible for the content or functionality of such sites or services. Our inclusion of links does not imply any endorsement or association with their operators. The terms applicable to the use of such third party services will apply and we will not be responsible for anything that is done by you or the third party service provider in connection with your use of their service. Please note that we do not keep your private personal information like your account, ID, password and etc. on the third party apps/websites in our services.
Advertising
We may deliver advertising to you in conjunction with your use of our services.
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is very important to VivaVideo. We hope our policy is straightforward and easy-to-understand. Please take a minute to review the details of our privacy policy below.
Information we may collect from you and how we use it
Personal Information that we automatically collect:
When you use our services, we automatically collect information about the device you use to access our services and your usage of our services. The information we collect may include (where available) the type and model of the device you use, the device's unique device identifier, operating system, language options and mobile network information to allow you to use our services. We use this information to administer our services and for our internal operations including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, statistical and survey purposes, to improve our services.
Please note that our services requires access to your device’s storage application in order to store the completed videos, but we do not take any information, videos, photos or other content from your device’s video storage application. To fully experience our services, please also note that you should enable us to access to permissions in your phone such as record, camera, microphone, location and etc. You can also disable such access permission in settings of your phone if you do not think it’s necessary.
Details of Correspondence:
If you contact us by email, we may keep a record of that correspondence in our system. To troubleshoot your problem we may need your mobile model name, OS version and our app version number. We will not retain a record of that correspondence for no longer than is reasonably necessary.
Cookies:
When you use our services, certain information may be stored locally on your mobile device using 'cookies' or similar technologies such as objects stored in our service's local storage on the device that you are using. A cookie is a small text file or data file used to store limited information about the user of the device and is stored on your device. It helps us to identify how our users use our services and so that we can continuously evolve and improve it. We use information collected from cookies to improve users' experience and the overall quality of our services.
If you have any questions regarding these Terms & Privacy, please feel free to contact us: support@vivavideo.tv
HELP
Tutorial
FQA
COMPANY
About us
Terms & Privacy
CONNECT
Facebook
Instagram
YouTube
CONTACT
Partership
Feedback
Email us
Copyright © 2012-2019 QuVideo inc, All Rights Reserved.
Contact us Email us