Last updated: May 24, 2018
Lima Sky, LLC (“Lima Sky”) has adopted this privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) to explain how Lima Sky collects, stores, and uses the information collected in connection with Lima Sky’s products, services, and websites (together “Services”).
Should you have any questions relating to this Privacy Policy, please contact us at info@limasky.com.
Lima Sky reserves the right to modify this Privacy Policy at reasonable times, so please review it frequently. Your continued use of Services will signify your acceptance of the changes to this Privacy Policy.
1. Non-personal Data
For purposes of this Privacy Policy, “non-personal data” means information that does not directly identify you. Additionally, non-personal data means “aggregate” and “de-personalized” information, which is data Lima Sky collects about the use of Services, from which any personally identifiable data has been removed.
Lima Sky may use tools or third party analytical software to automatically collect and use certain non-personal data that does not directly enable Lima Sky to identify you. 
Lima Sky may use analytics tools to develop and analyze use of the Services. Analytics companies may access anonymous data (such as your IP address, device vendor ID, and/or device advertising ID) to help us understand how Services are used. Analytics tools we may use include:
Flurry Analytics: If you wish to find out more information on Flurry analytics, please follow this link: http://www.flurry.com/legal-privacy/privacy-policy
Google Analytics for Firebase: If you wish to find out more information on Google Analytics for Firebase, please follow this link: https://www.firebase.com/terms/privacy-policy.html
Analytics data collection does not include personally identifying information. Lima Sky does not merge the non-personally identifying analytics data that we collect with personally identifying information from any other source.
2. Personal Data
For purposes of this Privacy Policy, “personal data” means personally identifiable information that specifically identifies you as an individual.
Potential situations when you may make personal data available to Lima Sky include, but are not limited to: (i) registration for Services, including leaderboards; (ii) subscribing to newsletters; (iii) requesting technical support; and (iv) otherwise through use of Services where personal data is required for use and/or participation.
The types of personal data may vary depending on the type of activity you are engaged in. The personal data Lima Sky may collect, process and use may include, but are not limited to your name, screen/user name, Services' or third party service ID, and e-mail address.
Lima Sky may use personal and non-personal data, both individually and combined together, for purposes of analyzing usage of the Services, providing customer and technical support, managing and providing Services (including managing advertisement serving), customizing Lima Sky’s communications and to further develop the Services and other products. Lima Sky may combine non-personal data with personal data.
From time to time, we may ask you to complete a voluntary survey in order to help us provide a better user experience. We will only request and therefore collect non-personal data.
Lima Sky may use your personal data to send messages to you with informative and/or commercial content about our services or third party products and services Lima Sky thinks may be of interest to you, such as new features and services, special offers and updated information.
3. Ad Serving Technology
Lima Sky reserves the right to use and disclose the collected non-personal data for purposes of advertisement by Lima Sky or Lima Sky’s partners and contractors. Our partners may include the following companies: https://www.mopub.com/legal/partners/. Lima Sky may employ third party ad serving technologies that use certain methods to collect information as a result of ad serving through Services. Lima Sky or third parties operating the ad serving technology may use demographic and location information as well as information logged from your hardware or device to ensure that appropriate advertising is presented within the Service. Lima Sky or third parties may collect and use data for this purpose including, but not limited to IP address (including but not limited to for purposes of determining your coarse location), Device ID, MAC, software, applications, hardware, and in-game information. The foregoing data may be used and disclosed in accordance with this Privacy Policy and the privacy policy of the company providing the ad serving technology.
Our primary ad serving partner is MoPub. For more information about their privacy policy, you may find it at https://www.mopub.com/legal/privacy/. We also serve advertising from Google. For more about their privacy policties, you may find it at : https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites
You recognize and agree that the advertising companies who deliver ads for Lima Sky may combine the information collected with other information they have independently collected from other services or products. These companies collect and use information under their own privacy policies. These ad serving technologies are integrated into Services; if you do not want to be subject to this technology, do not use or access Services. Although Lima Sky takes commercially reasonable steps to instruct such advertising companies to comply with the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy, Lima Sky does not have access to or control of third party technologies.
Lima Sky may display to you behaviorally targeted advertising. If you are a resident of the European Economic Area, subject to the GDPR guidelines, you will be asked to confirm your desire to receive personalized advertising utilizing your device ID, coarse location and other data and to confirm that you are 16 years of age or older. If you consent, you can always choose to opt-out at a later date by using the settings on your phone or tablet. On Android Devices, you may opt-out by enabling the “Opt out of Ads Personalization” setting. On iOS Devices, you may opt-out by enabling the “Limit Ad Tracking” setting. Additionally please note that, if you “opt out,” it does not mean that you will no longer receive advertising. It just means that the advertising you see displayed will not be customized to you and your interests and may be less relevant to you.
  4. Location Data
We do not use or collect your precise geographic location.
5. Data Retention
Lima Sky retains the data collected pursuant to this Privacy Policy for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law. Thereafter if the collected data is no longer needed for purposes specified in this Privacy Policy, Lima Sky deletes all aforementioned data in its possession within a reasonable timeframe. 
Irrespective of the above, Lima Sky may still retain some of the data to the extent such retention is necessary to resolve disputes, enforce Lima Sky user agreements, and comply with technical and legal requirements and constraints related to the security, integrity, and operation of Services.
Information we collect may be stored or processed on computers located in any country where we do business.
6. Cookies, Beacons and Tracking
The Services may use “cookies” and other technologies such as pixel tags, locally shared objects, and web beacons. Lima Sky treats information collected by cookies and similar technologies as non-personal data.
7. Third Party Terms and Conditions
To operate the service, we also may make identifiable and anonymous information available to third parties in these limited circumstances: (1) with your express consent, (2) when we have a good faith belief it is required by law, (3) when we have a good faith belief it is necessary to protect our rights or property, or (4) to any successor or purchaser in a merger, acquisition, liquidation, dissolution or sale of assets. Your consent will not be required for disclosure in these cases, but we will attempt to notify you, to the extent permitted by law to do so.
8. Safeguards
Lima Sky follows generally accepted industry standards and maintains reasonable safeguards to attempt to ensure the security, integrity, and privacy of the information in Lima Sky’s possession. Data collected by Lima Sky is stored in secure operating environments that are not available to the public. To prevent unauthorized on-line access to data, Lima Sky maintains data behind a firewall-protected server. However, no security or encryption method can be guaranteed to protect information from hackers or human error.
9. Special Notice REGARDING MINORS.
Lima Sky does not knowingly collect Personal Information from persons under the age of 13 without parental consent. Lima Sky requires device owners to specify their age before any Personal Information is collected. If it comes to Lima Sky’s attention that Personal Information has been collected from a person under the age of 13, Lima Sky will delete this information as quickly as possible. If you believe that Lima Sky may have Personal Information from or about a child under the age of 13, please contact Lima Sky at info@limasky.com.

  Copyright
 