Mozilla
Download Firefox
Firefox
Projects
Developers
About
Firefox Privacy Notice
Effective June 04, 2019
At Mozilla, we believe that privacy is fundamental to a healthy internet.
That’s why we build Firefox, and all our products, to give you greater control over the information you share online and the information you share with us. We strive to collect only what we need to improve Firefox for everyone.
In this Privacy Notice, we explain what data Firefox shares and point you to settings to share even less. We also adhere to the practices outlined in the Mozilla privacy policy for how we receive, handle and share information we collect from Firefox.
Firefox by default shares data to:
Improve performance and stability for users everywhere
Set a default search provider
Suggest relevant content
Improve security for users everywhere
Crash reports
Measure and support our marketing
If you use these features, Firefox will share data to provide you functionality and help us improve our products and services:
Search
Firefox Accounts & Join Firefox
Sync
Location
Firefox Screenshots
Website notifications
Add-ons
Footnote
This privacy notice is for the most recent general release version of Firefox distributed by Mozilla. If you obtain Firefox elsewhere, or are running an older version, your copy of Firefox may contain different privacy characteristics.
Mozilla’s pre-release versions of Firefox (which are distributed through channels such as Nightly, Beta, Developer Edition and TestFlight) are development platforms frequently updated with experimental features and studies.  In addition to the data collection described in this Privacy Notice, these versions by default may send certain types of web activity and crash data to Mozilla and in some cases to our partners. Any data collection or sharing adheres to our Firefox data collection policy and we will always be transparent and provide you with controls.
Back to Mozilla Privacy Policy
Mozilla
Company
About
Press Center
Careers
Developers
Test New Features
MDN Web Docs
Tools
Resources
Privacy
Contact
Product Help
Support
File a Bug
Language
Language
    
      বাংলা
    
      Čeština
    
      Deutsch
    
      Ελληνικά
    
      English
    
      Español (de España)
    
      Español (de México)
    
      Français
    
      हिन्दी (भारत)
    
      Hrvatski
    
      magyar
    
      Bahasa Indonesia
    
      Italiano
    
      日本語
    
      Македонски
    
      Nederlands
    
      Polski
    
      Português (do Brasil)
    
      Română
    
      Русский
    
      Српски
    
      தமிழ்
    
      Türkçe
    
      中文 (简体)
    
      正體中文 (繁體)
    
   Twitter
Instagram
Visit Mozilla Corporation’s not-for-profit parent, the Mozilla Foundation.
Portions of this content are ©1998–2019 by individual mozilla.org contributors. Content available under a Creative Commons license.
Privacy Website Privacy Notice Cookies Legal Community Participation Guidelines