PRIVATE POLICE
HOME / PRIVATE POLICE
Welcome to Nutspower OL. Your privacy is important to us.
Nutspower OL (hereinafter referred to as “us”) is committed to protecting our users’ (hereinafter referred to as “users” or “you”) privacy. This Privacy Policy (hereinafter referred to as “Policy”) details how we collect, store, use, and manage information, including but not limited to your personal information and the data you may provide or we may collect from any games (collectively, the “Services”) offered on any mobile platforms (e.g., iOS and Android) or relevant websites (www.nutspower.com, (hereinafter referred to as “website”). Please note, this Policy applies only to the data and information we collect or receive through your using of the services. We are not responsible for any acts of any third party representatives or companies, any use of their website content , the information or data you provide them, or products and services they may offer. Any link to these sites does not constitute our sponsorship or affiliate relationship with these companies or persons.
Your using of the Services represents that you have agreed on this Policy and agreed on processing your information and data (including your personal data) in the manner specified in this Policy. If you do not agree with these terms, please do not use these Services.
If you have any questions or concerns, please contact us by using the contact information offered in the Data Manager Contact Information section in this Policy .
Your information and data collected by us
We may collect the following information and data:
§  Contact information (e.g. name and email address)
§  Username and password in our community forums
§  Information you voluntarily provide (e.g. personal photos, gender, age or birthday, links to your personal information on other social network site )
§  Automatically collected data (e.g. IP address, device operating system, browser type, and language)
§  Mobile device identifier (e.g. unique device ID (static/dynamic, hard drive type, media access control ("MAC") address, international mobile equipment identifier ("IMEI") and your device name
§  General location information to provide you with the correct application version
§  Exact location of your device (only when you expressly agree)
§  Game data (e.g., your server log files, game and in-game interactions with other players, and your player ID)
§  Employment information (CV, name, email address, telephone number)
TRACKING TECHNOLOGY
We, our marketing, outsourced partners, affiliates, or analytics service providers use technology such as Cookies, beacons, scripts, and tags to identify user computers/devices and "remember” information regarding your access (e.g., your preference or user name or password). Cookies may contain information associated with personal information (e.g. user ID) and will improve our service quality, tailor services according to your interests, and make services easier to use. Even if you are unable to access or use service features, you can at any time disable Cookies.
Other information collection conventions
Websites include social media features, e.g. Facebook "Like" button and small tools, e.g. "Share" button or an interactive applet running on our site). These features may collect your IP address and which pages you access on our website, and Cookies may be set so that the corresponding features can run properly. Social media features and small tools are hosted by third parties or directly hosted on our website. Your interaction with these features is subject to the privacy policy of the company that provides functionality.
We can offer you opportunities to use social networking services (like Facebook friends) to invite the contacted person, and these people can join our games, and/or you can invite them to join Nutspower OL games. This contact information is only used for the purpose of sending messages to recipients. You or a third party can contact us, and request deletion of any of this information stored on Nutspower OL databases.
How we use your information
Our primary goal for using your information is to create your account, provide you services, improve our services, contact you, implement marketing and research activities, and create reports for internal use. We use Amazon Web Services, which are located in America to store information and possibly use servers and equipment in other countries to store information.
We use information collected through our services for the purposes described in this Policy or to disclose information about our service. E.g., we can use the information for the following purpose:
§  Create game accounts and allow users to play our games;
§  Identify and suggest association with other Nutspower OL users;
§  Operate and improve our services;
§  Understand you and your preferences to enhance your experience and enjoyment while using our services;
§  Answer your questions, respond to your feedback, and offer client services;
§  Provide and deliver the products and services you require;
§  Push advertising and marketing as well as promotional information to you;
§  Send you relevant information, including confirmation information, invoices, technology notices, updates, security alerts, and support and management information;
§  Communicate with you about promotions, rewards, recent event information, and other news regarding products and services provided by our selected partners.
§  Enable you to communicate with other users;
§  Associate or combine this information with other information we obtain from third parties and help understand your preferences to offer you even better services.
CLIENT SERVICES
When you contact our customer service department, we possibly will use your email address to contact you, understand your experience with our game, notify you of the news and sales promotion of the company.
If you do not want to receive certain email notifications, you can opt out by an email to us by using the contact information in this Policy at any time.
If we wish to send you merchandise or other promotional materials, we would possibly use your mailing address. If you do not wish to receive this type of promotional material, you can at any time use the contact information in this Policy to send us an email to opt out of receiving this type of promotional material.
Third party services
Our services possibly include third-party tracking and data collection and analysis tools provided by our service provider, and these third parties may use Cookies, APIs, and SDKs in our services to collect and analyze user and device related data and information on our behalf. Third parties may access and collect data information related to you (e.g., your device identifier, MAC address, IMEI, regional settings (using a given language for a specific location), location information, IP address, application usage, access and event time, device storage or specific application usage times on device, and how you view and interact with ads) to provide other services (including the following additional detailed descriptions to enable, provide, and push ads).
Our service providers' privacy policies may include information about their data collection and use along with additional terms and disclosures about tracking technology. We advise you to look up these privacy policies to understand more about their methods of data collection and use, Cookie use, and other similar tracking technologies.
Mobile applications
When you on any Nutspower OL game or application on the mobile platform, we may record some kinds of information and data, e.g., you application usage, access, session times, in-app purchases, unique device ID (static/dynamic, hard drive type, media access control ("MAC") address, international mobile equipment identifier ("IMEI"), operating system ("OS") version, device name, email address (if you bind with Facebook or Google+), and your location (according to your internet protocol ("IP") address. This information helps us troubleshoot, helps us understand usage trends, and improve and optimize services and your user experience, as well as maybe be used for other purposes (e.g., according to internet ads located elsewhere in this Policy).
In addition, we have created a unique user ID to track your usage of our services. This unique user ID is associated with your private information to keep track of the games you play.
We may occasionally use our app to push notifications to you to send you possibly important game versions and other notifications related to services. You can at any time in the service settings turn off push notifications and choose to no longer receive this kind of information.
Only with your explicit consent, will we and our partners collect your precise location information (GPS) to match you with opponents in your area, customize content for your region (like event public notices), possibly display your location to other players, and for the purpose of interest-based ad push elsewhere described in this Privacy Policy to match your device location to certain points of interest. So, when you participate in our specific area of the game, our other players in the game will see you can participate in the game. Please note, participation in this portion of Service is not the same requirement all our games have, but possibly is a requirement in gameplay with other players for your location. 
How we disclose your information to third parties
We will not share your personal information without your permission or unless under the following circumstances:
§  We may disclose or publish your information under circumstances permitted by law (e.g. compliance) or in such a manner that we believe is in compliance with the law; or for fraud investigation, or in response to government requests,or for enforcement or exercise of our rights; or to protect the rights, property, or safety of ourselves, our users, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud prevention. In response to legitimate requests of public authorities or enforcing local laws, we may under some circumstances be required to disclose personal information.
§  We may share your information with other companies, and this information relates to any acquisition and disposing of our assets, or financing, or the acquisition of all or partof our business. We will inform you via email and/or through our website of any such changes in ownership or the use of your personal information.
§  We may share your summary or anonymous information with advertisers, publishers, business partners, sponsors, and other third parties.
Accessing, correcting, and deleting your information
According to your request, we will inform you whether we hold any of your personal information. If your personal information has changed, or if you do not need our services, you can update, correct, delete inaccurate information, or delete your personal information in your account settings or by contacting us. In some circumstances we may be unable to delete your person information. Under this circumstance, we will inform you we have no recourse to do so and the reason. We will respond to your inquiries in a reasonable time.
Security guarantee
We take reasonable steps to protect your information from unauthorized access or prevent loss, misuse, or alterations by third parties.
Although we make every effort to store the information collected by our services in a secure operating environment that is inaccessible to the general public, we cannot guarantee absolute security of such information in transmission or in storage in our systems. In addition, we have been trying to ensure the integrity and security of our network and system, however, we cannot guarantee that our security measures will prevent third party “hackers”from illegally obtaining this information. We cannot guarantee or declare that your information is secure from loss, misuse, or alteration by a third party. However, no data transmission or storage system can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. For this reason, we cannot guarantee your personal information is absolutely secure.
Data retention
As long as your account is active, or in order to provide you with this service, we will retain your personal information. We may also keep and use your information if necessary to fulfill our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
Policy on children
We will not intentionally collect or seek personal information of children under thirteen, or direct interest-based advertising to them, or intentionally allow children under thirteen to use our services. If you are a child under thirteen years old, please do not send us any of your personal information, including your name, address, phone number, or email address. Children under the age of 13 are not permitted to provide any personal information. If we learn that we have collected the personal information of a child under 13, we will take steps to delete the information as soon as possible. If you believe we may have obtained or held any personal information of children under thirteen, please contact us.
Changes to this “Policy”
We may update this Policy to reflect the changes of data and information policy practices. You will be notified of any major changes hereof by email (sent to the address specifiedin your account) before they take effect.
HOMEPAGE GAMES BUSINESS ABOUT CONTACTS
Better game, Better Tomorrow
© Copyright 2010
Nuts Power Online Entertainment Limited. All Rights Reserved